then I want to make um a little
something for st. Patrick's Day we
usually do all the holidays just a
little something nothing much but for
this one I use this die 3d die beautiful
anyway this is what I made this is my
little teacup the paper is just the
single sheet paper you can buy at
Michael's I use my little
flowers
and I just put this is supposed to be
like the little TV out here let me show
you what I've got with all the stuff
they're all a little bit different but I
put some the gold candy coin down
then down here I put flowers
it's supposed to be like the little
teabag
basically
I cut him out of lightweight actually it
was an old cracker boxes I save all my
boxes
I have this I didn't I wanted white but
I couldn't find any white and I wasn't
gonna go hunting all over for it so I
have to agree so thanks for watching and
leave a comment if you'd like and can
visit my blog I'll put all the
information down below